docs: fix typo, add precision for layout ut:Uno.Themes (#162)
unoplatform/workshops: simple-calc/modules/Resources/XAML/Creating-the-Layout.md

</Style>
```

> In the `KeypadButton` we added a property `ut:ControlExtensions.Elevation`. To being able to use it you need declare the namespace for `ut`. Add `xmlns:ut="using:Uno.Themes"` inside the `Page` element. Should look like this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added a new property to the `KeypadButton` component, `ut:ControlExtensions.Elevation`. To use this property, you must declare the `ut` namespace. You can do this by adding the following namespace declaration to the Page element: `xmlns:ut="using:Uno.Themes"`. Below, you can see the expected result in MainPage.xaml:
```
